Someone who will be committed to rolling back health care for millions of Americans, and someone who it looks pretty likely will help Donald Trump if it gets in to serious criminal trouble. Howard Bauchner: Senator, does it give you any comfort that in judge Kavanaugh's writing in 2009, when he was saying that indicting and prosecuting a president would be bad for the country that he kept saying repeatedly throughout the article that only you in congress can prevent that, that only congress can pass a bill to basically defer any prosecutions of the president until after the president leaves office. You know, the part that worries me most is he keeps talking about what a disaster it would be for the country. And ultimately, the supreme court is gonna to make law in areas where we don't have precedent. And in other opinions, judge Kavanaugh has already made clear. He is willing to put his own judgment in and to put his judgment on the line. And if he thinks that it would be a disaster, for Donald Trump to be indicted. He looks like somebody who could very much be on Trump's side and what's so worrisome about all of this. IS HE VERY WILL COULD BE THE DECIDING VOTE AND WHETHER OR NOT A CRIMINAL PROSECUTION AGAINST THE PRESIDENT GOES FORWARD. LOOK, I GET IT. We're looking ahead, but this is a president right now who hears the who beats of an investigation that is bearing down on him. The Mueller investigation has been going forward. It has already produced multiple indictments multiple guilty plays, and all of the threads keep tying back to Donald Trump himself. And that's a real problem. And Donald Trump is nothing. If not, a man who protects first and foremost, Donald Trump. Would you suggest to Democrats or opponents of the nomination that the the place to go to work is in Maine and Alaska to try to get the votes of your Republican colleagues there. The only 2 Republican senators who are pro choice. Look, the way I see this is nobody makes it to the supreme court without a majority in the United state senate. And I think people all across this country need to raise their voices. Always keep in mind on this. We didn't have the votes to protect the Affordable Care Act. We didn't have them. I remember the day after Donald Trump was sworn in thinking about the fact that now the Republicans control the house control, the senate control, the White House, they could roll back Obamacare next week. And I really fear they would do it. But people across this country raise their voices. And it got bigger and it got louder and bigger and louder. And it was Democrats, it was Republicans, it was independents. People made their voices hurt. And ultimately, when they did that, we got enough for Republicans to cross the aisle and to save healthcare for tens of millions of Americans. You know, that is for remarkable part about a democracy. We raise our voices. We can all still be held heard in Washington. And for me, that's what this is about right now, raising our voices, all of us. We need to speak up like we've never spoken up before. This is the time. I'm sure there will be questions in the judiciary committee, especially from Democrats, about the rights of children who are being held at the southern border, some of whom you were able to visit when you went down there, Judge Kavanaugh has already ruled in in that arena. Last fall, NBC News reports that Judge Kavanaugh wrote a decision siding with Trump administration lawyers to block a migrant teenager in Texas from being released from custody to receive an abortion he tried to prevent that. He was overruled by his own colleagues on the circuit court of appeals, and then he complained that his colleagues were creating a right to what he called abortion on demand for girls in that situation. Yeah. You know, I was just down there of 2 weeks ago yesterday, down on the border. And what I saw was deeply shocking. I talked I met directly with women whose children had been taken away from them. Women who had been lied to when their children were taken away. Women who had absolutely no idea where their children were and women who with 1 exception had had no phone calls, no contact whatsoever.